[Music]
[Music] see I have made you as God to Pharaoh
see I have made you as God to Pharaoh
see I have made you as God to Pharaoh and Aaron your brother shall be your
and Aaron your brother shall be your
and Aaron your brother shall be your prophet you shall speak all that I
prophet you shall speak all that I
prophet you shall speak all that I command him and Aaron your brother shall
command him and Aaron your brother shall
command him and Aaron your brother shall tell Pharaoh to send the children of
tell Pharaoh to send the children of
tell Pharaoh to send the children of Israel out of his land and I will harden
Israel out of his land and I will harden
Israel out of his land and I will harden Pharaoh's heart and multiply my signs
Pharaoh's heart and multiply my signs
Pharaoh's heart and multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of Egypt but
and my wonders in the land of Egypt but
and my wonders in the land of Egypt but Pharaoh will not heed you so that I may
Pharaoh will not heed you so that I may
Pharaoh will not heed you so that I may lay my hand on Egypt and bring my armies
lay my hand on Egypt and bring my armies
lay my hand on Egypt and bring my armies and my people the children of Israel out
and my people the children of Israel out
and my people the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt by great judgments
of the land of Egypt by great judgments
of the land of Egypt by great judgments and the Egyptians shall know that I am
and the Egyptians shall know that I am
and the Egyptians shall know that I am the Lord when I stretch out my hand on
the Lord when I stretch out my hand on
the Lord when I stretch out my hand on Egypt and bring out the children of
Egypt and bring out the children of
Egypt and bring out the children of Israel from among them then Moses and
Israel from among them then Moses and
Israel from among them then Moses and Aaron did so just as the LORD commanded
Aaron did so just as the LORD commanded
Aaron did so just as the LORD commanded them so they did then Moses was 80 years
them so they did then Moses was 80 years
them so they did then Moses was 80 years old and Aaron 83 years old when they
old and Aaron 83 years old when they
old and Aaron 83 years old when they spoke to fear then the Lord spoke to
spoke to fear then the Lord spoke to
spoke to fear then the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron when Pharaoh speaks to
Moses and Aaron when Pharaoh speaks to
Moses and Aaron when Pharaoh speaks to you saying show a miracle for yourselves
you saying show a miracle for yourselves
you saying show a miracle for yourselves then you shall say to Aaron take your
then you shall say to Aaron take your
then you shall say to Aaron take your rod and cast it before Pharaoh
rod and cast it before Pharaoh
rod and cast it before Pharaoh and let it become a sound so Moses and
and let it become a sound so Moses and
and let it become a sound so Moses and Aaron went into Pharaoh and they did
Aaron went into Pharaoh and they did
Aaron went into Pharaoh and they did soon just as the LORD commanded and
soon just as the LORD commanded and
soon just as the LORD commanded and Aaron cast down his rod before Pharaoh
Aaron cast down his rod before Pharaoh
Aaron cast down his rod before Pharaoh had before his servants and it became a
had before his servants and it became a
had before his servants and it became a sin but fellow also called the wise man
sin but fellow also called the wise man
sin but fellow also called the wise man and the sorcerers so the magician's of
and the sorcerers so the magician's of
and the sorcerers so the magician's of Egypt they also didn't like manner with
Egypt they also didn't like manner with
Egypt they also didn't like manner with their in chapters every man threw down
their in chapters every man threw down
their in chapters every man threw down his rod and they became serpents but
his rod and they became serpents but
his rod and they became serpents but Aaron's rod swallowed out there and
Aaron's rod swallowed out there and
Aaron's rod swallowed out there and Pharaohs heart grew hot and he did not
Pharaohs heart grew hot and he did not
Pharaohs heart grew hot and he did not heat them as the Lord had said so the
heat them as the Lord had said so the
heat them as the Lord had said so the Lord said to Moses Pharaoh's heart is
Lord said to Moses Pharaoh's heart is
Lord said to Moses Pharaoh's heart is hard he refuses to let the people go go
hard he refuses to let the people go go
hard he refuses to let the people go go to Pharaoh in the morning when he goes
to Pharaoh in the morning when he goes
to Pharaoh in the morning when he goes out to the water and you shall stand by
out to the water and you shall stand by
out to the water and you shall stand by the rivers bank to meet him and the rod
the rivers bank to meet him and the rod
the rivers bank to meet him and the rod which was turned to a serpent you shall
which was turned to a serpent you shall
which was turned to a serpent you shall take in your hand and you shall say to
take in your hand and you shall say to
take in your hand and you shall say to him the Lord God of the Hebrews has sent
him the Lord God of the Hebrews has sent
him the Lord God of the Hebrews has sent me to you saying let my people go that
me to you saying let my people go that
me to you saying let my people go that they may serve me in the wilderness but
they may serve me in the wilderness but
they may serve me in the wilderness but indeed until now you would not hear thus
indeed until now you would not hear thus
indeed until now you would not hear thus says the Lord by this you shall know
says the Lord by this you shall know
says the Lord by this you shall know that i am the lord behold i will strike
that i am the lord behold i will strike
that i am the lord behold i will strike the waters which are in the river with
the waters which are in the river with
the waters which are in the river with the rod that is in my hand and they
the rod that is in my hand and they
the rod that is in my hand and they shall be turned to blood and the fish
shall be turned to blood and the fish
shall be turned to blood and the fish that are in the river shall die the
that are in the river shall die the
that are in the river shall die the river shall stink and the egyptians were
river shall stink and the egyptians were
river shall stink and the egyptians were loath to drink the water of the
loath to drink the water of the
loath to drink the water of the and the Lord spoke to Moses say to Aaron
and the Lord spoke to Moses say to Aaron
and the Lord spoke to Moses say to Aaron take your rod and stretch out your hand
take your rod and stretch out your hand
take your rod and stretch out your hand over the waters of Egypt over their
over the waters of Egypt over their
over the waters of Egypt over their streams over their rivers over their
streams over their rivers over their
streams over their rivers over their ponds and over all their pools of water
ponds and over all their pools of water
ponds and over all their pools of water that they may become blood and there
that they may become blood and there
that they may become blood and there shall be blood throughout all the land
shall be blood throughout all the land
shall be blood throughout all the land of Egypt both in buckets of wood and
of Egypt both in buckets of wood and
of Egypt both in buckets of wood and pictures of stone Moses and Aaron did
pictures of stone Moses and Aaron did
pictures of stone Moses and Aaron did sir
sir
sir just as the Lord command so he lifted up
just as the Lord command so he lifted up
just as the Lord command so he lifted up the rod and struck the waters that were
the rod and struck the waters that were
the rod and struck the waters that were in the river in the sight of Pharaoh and
in the river in the sight of Pharaoh and
in the river in the sight of Pharaoh and in the sight of his servants
and all the waters that were in the
and all the waters that were in the river but turned to the fish that we're
river but turned to the fish that we're
river but turned to the fish that we're in the river
in the river
in the river dye the river stank and the Egyptians
dye the river stank and the Egyptians
dye the river stank and the Egyptians could not drink the water of the river
could not drink the water of the river
could not drink the water of the river so there was blood throughout all the
so there was blood throughout all the
so there was blood throughout all the land of Egypt then the magician's of
land of Egypt then the magician's of
land of Egypt then the magician's of Egypt did so with their enchantments and
Egypt did so with their enchantments and
Egypt did so with their enchantments and Pharaohs heart grew hard and he did not
Pharaohs heart grew hard and he did not
Pharaohs heart grew hard and he did not heed them as the Lord had said and
heed them as the Lord had said and
heed them as the Lord had said and Pharaoh
Pharaoh
Pharaoh turned and went into his house neither
turned and went into his house neither
turned and went into his house neither was his heart
was his heart
was his heart move
move
move so all the Egyptians d'argo all around
so all the Egyptians d'argo all around
so all the Egyptians d'argo all around the river for water to drink because
the river for water to drink because
the river for water to drink because they could not drink the water of the
they could not drink the water of the
they could not drink the water of the river and seven days passed after the
river and seven days passed after the
river and seven days passed after the Lord had struck the river